How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    - The diff program eventually shows to you the differences of files. 
    So you can quickly find bugs if they are in these differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    - That gives you access to compare files, to see changes and to think about it more 
    carefully. You can find out what changes are made and to see why. This gives you
    understanding of what the programmer job is.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    - pros: you can decide by yourself when you should to do some commits
    it is better because you know when you do logical change and when not.
    Cons: you can forget to commit in time or make mistake.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    - because in case of programming it is an essential thing to keep track of 
    all changes in each file simultaneously because it is often necessary to 
    do some changes in a few files when you want to commit one logical change.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    - use 'git log' to see commits and 'git diff' to compare this commits with each other. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    - well you could do changes and not be afraid to get some bugs or typos as long
    as you use version control like git because every time you do changes you can 
    restore previous state of code and compare it to actual state to find the error. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    - I'd like to use Git to see changes in different files, like in this one or 
    in my python files just to get used to it. It should help me later.
